Substrate front-end tutorial (#191)
substrate-developer-hub/substrate-developer-hub.github.io: docs/tutorials/basic-dapp/part-4-use-external-accounts.md

## 4.1 Get Polkadot-js extension

Get into our user's shoes and install the [Polkadot-js enxtension](https://github.com/polkadot-js/extension) from the [Chrome](https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/polkadot%7Bjs%7D-extension/mopnmbcafieddcagagdcbnhejhlodfdd?hl=en) or [Firefox](https://addons.mozilla.org/en-US/firefox/addon/polkadot-js-extension/) store. 
Create an account using the extension and give it a name.

We will now adapt our application to inject any account created externally in our current interface.

This is how the extension looks like with 2 accounts creatively named Bob and Alice:
![Pokadot-js extension](/docs/tutorials/basic-dapp/assets/part-3-1.jpg)

## 4.2 Display external account's balances

> Externally generated accounts loaded thank to [`@polkadot/extension-dapp`](https://github.com/polkadot-js/extension/tree/master/packages/extension-dapp).

Reviewer: I don't really understand this sentence. There seems to be something missing...

Author: fixed, thanks

```bash
yarn add @polkadot/extension-dapp@beta
```

This package gives us access to `web3Enable` to declare our DApp and request the right to read the accounts from our users. `isWeb3Injected` lets us know if our users have an extension supporting the `@polkadot/extension-dapp` protocol, and finally the `web3Accounts` function that should be called if the user has a compatible extension, and has granted us access to their accounts.

To keep things simple, we will not display anything else than a loader to our users while the authorization is requested. This is a blocking experience that should not be reproduced in a real DApp. Rather show something to your users, and patiently wait for them to accept the extension request.

> We will introduce a new state variable `accountLoaded` to show this loader in case our user have an extension but haven't granted us access to their accounts.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We will introduce a new state variable `accountLoaded` to show this loader in case our user has an extension but hasn't granted us access to their accounts.
```

```js

> // Toward the top of Apps.js

Reviewer: I'd rephrase that somehow.

// new state variables to monitor the account loading status
const [accountLoaded, setaccountLoaded] = useState(false);

// in our render function, show a loader to users with a compatible extension while 
// waiting for their authorization
if (!accountLoaded) {
return loader('Loading accounts (please review any extension\'s authorization)');
}
```

> We will declare our DApp and request access to the external accounts in a `useEffect` React hook that we are now familiar with. We used to call `loadAccounts()` to initialize the keyring. This function also accepts injected accounts as arguments, so all we'll have to do is `loadAccounts(injectedAccounts)`. Quite handy isn't it?

Reviewer: Starting a war on commas here. I'd remove all of the ones before `"and"` and add one here for example `"Quite handy, isn't it"`, but I'm not really familiar with the english comma rules. That would just be me adapting the german rules to english

To keep things simple, we will not display anything other than a loader to our users while authorization is requested. This is a blocking experience that should not be reproduced in a real DApp. Rather, show something to your users and patiently wait for them to accept the extension request.

We will introduce a new state variable `accountLoaded` to show this loader in case our user has an extension but hasn't granted us access to their accounts.

```js
// Toward the top of Apps.js
// new state variables to monitor the account loading status
const [accountLoaded, setaccountLoaded] = useState(false);

// in our render function, show a loader to users with a compatible extension while 
// waiting for their authorization
if (!accountLoaded) {
return loader('Loading accounts (please review any extension\'s authorization)');
}
```

> We will declare our DApp and request access to the external accounts in a `useEffect` React hook that we are now familiar with. We used to call `loadAccounts()` to initialize the keyring. This function also accepts injected accounts as arguments, so all we'll have to do is `loadAccounts(injectedAccounts)`. Quite handy isn't it?

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
We will declare our DApp and request access to the external accounts in a `useEffect` React hook that we are now familiar with. We used to call `loadAccounts()` to initialize the keyring. This function also accepts injected accounts as arguments, so all we'll have to do is `loadAccounts(injectedAccounts)`. Quite handy, isn't it?
```
